So, we're all good? Yeah, first off, you
know, MayPac 2, at Sphere. Um what part
does being at Sphere kind of play in you
taking that fight again? Well, as of as
of right now, we don't know exactly
where the fight is going to be at. We
don't know the location of the fight.
Uh
the Sphere is is is one of the places uh
that they talked about. So, we don't
know if it's if it's 100% going to be
there.
And um
this is not actually a fight, it's an
exhibition.
>> Okay. So,
um we're going to uh do it again, and
hopefully we're going to entertain the
people. All right. And then, as far as
that, you know, what's it mean like
fighting him again, you know, like 11
years later now? Um it's just, you know,
like uh I never really took any abuse,
you know, in the sport of boxing. You
know, still extremely healthy, work out
every day. And um you know, I got a
exhibition with Mike Tyson also, another
exhibition in Greece. So, um if I'm just
sitting at home, and I'm just working
out every day, spending time with my
grandson, and spending time with my
children, I said, "Why not go out, have
a little fun, entertain, and put on some
exhibitions?" So, he's still going on?
And then, you talked about NBA ownership
in the past. Um now it's looking more
real. Magic Johnson's people talked to
me and said that he's very interested in
being an owner as well. Magic Johnson.
Okay, yeah. So, um as far as that, would
you be still interested in that?
>> Oh, Magic Johnson is is a true legend.
You know, he's he's a a hell of a
businessman. He's also
um from Michigan like myself. He's from
Lansing, Michigan. I'm from Grand
Rapids, Michigan.
Um you know, in the past I talked about,
you know, owning an NBA team, but
it looks like it's a lot of stress, you
know, in the NBA, being an owner. You
know, you see you see a owner uh get
involved with the NBA, and he you know,
he's looking happy, then as you know, as
years progress, he's looking older. So,
um I don't know. I don't know yet. As
right now, I don't know. And how what is
that, like $7 to $10 figure you're kind
of
Do you do you look at that? You know,
you know,
the num you know, the num Far as in the
NBA,
the NFL, or or any sport, only thing
numbers can do is go up. So, when we
talk about numbers, only thing numbers
can do is go up. If the sport is
growing, if any sport is growing, the
numbers will
will grow.
And
how important is it for you to get
together with the MCM to do this
partnership with them?
>> Oh, um
uh
uh making cash money, that's what we
used to say when we was younger. If you
guys go back home and look at my social
media page, um I had a MCM on a MCM
outfit on when I was uh
a young kid.
And um MCM has always been a part of the
black culture.
Uh just a part a part of the culture
period, just, you know, in the US. So,
uh it's a hell of a a hell of a brand, a
great brand, and I'm happy just to be a
part of it. So, and uh
I know there's obviously only one Floyd
Mayweather, right? But any young
fighters who come close to you right now
that you see?
>> There are so many young fighters that's
making a lot of noise in the sport of
boxing right now,
and I'm extremely proud of all these
young fighters.
And um come to my boxing gym, and if I
can give you advice, and push you to be
great, and help you surpass me, I'm here
to help.